Update Graph Module specification (#1031)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: apps/site/src/_pages/docs/2_working-with-types.mdx

## Introduction

When using the Block Protocol's [graph module](/docs/spec/graph-module), data is shared between applications and blocks

> in the form of 'entities', and each entity is assigned to at least one type, known as an 'entity type'.

Author: I know we'd like to extend the system in the future to allow multiple types per entity, but this is actively unsupported in the spec at the moment due to `entityTypeId` being a single string in the metadata of an `entity` right now. Opting to remove it to avoid confusion

The Block Protocol type system is designed so that types are composed of re-usable, sharable parts, which can be
referenced by other users and by other types.

> The type system consists of these primitive parts:

Author: Trying to avoid saying "primitive" because we have "primitive data types" and sometimes refer to the top-level link type as the "primitive link type"

1.  Start typing to see if a suitable link entity type already exists (e.g. called 'Owner')
2.  Either select an existing link entity type, or click 'create new' to create a new one
3.  When creating a link entity type, you first specify a title and description

> 4.  Back on your initial entity type, you can use the link entity type, and then constrain the _destination_ entities of those links by defining a selection of entity types

Author: I don't like my rewording but I got confused reading the previous one and that's despite knowing what it should mean

> 4.  Back on your initial entity type, you can use the link entity type, and then constrain the _destination_ entities of those links by defining a selection of entity types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Back on your initial entity type, you can select the link entity type as a potential link from your entity, and then constrain the _destination_ entities of those links by defining a selection of entity types. You can also set a minimum number of such links (e.g. to make it so that your entity type is _required_ to have certain links).
```
